How does your life compare now as to when you imagined it as a kid?
What do you think people assume about you when they first meet you?
What must a city have in order for you to love it?
Would you rather give yourself advice in the past, or ask for advice from the future? What would you say?
What is something you’ve said or done that to this day you still think about and cringe?
If you could remove any one thing from your country what would it be and why?
Has there ever been a moment when you didn’t speak up but you know you should have?
What is the main difference between the real you and the you that you present to the world?
At what point in your life did you start caring about what was “cool” and how did it affect you?
What’s your favorite thing to do when you can’t sleep at night?
What was the best mistake you’ve made that turned out really well?
What is a trend you wish could be banished from society?
Tell me about your best friend, and what you value most about them in the friendship.
What was your favorite subject in high school and which one did you dread?
If you could own the world’s largest collection of anything, what would it be?
What did you want to be when you grew up?
What is the most unbelievable thing that has ever happened to you?
What are the pros and cons of colonizing other planets?  How would this help or hurt the human race?
What are the most common roadblocks that stop people from achieving their dreams?
What social stigma does society need to get over?
What is your biggest regret purchase?
What is something you’re currently worried about?
If you could switch two movie characters to make a better movie, who would you switch?
What makes your eyes roll everytime you hear it?
What was cool when you were young but isn’t cool now?
What is the most ironic thing you’ve seen happen?
If magic were real what would you try to learn first?
If animals could talk, which would be the most annoying?
Which character from any movie would make the worst roommate?
What is something you’ve learned from your job that you probably wouldn’t learn in the outside world?
Describe when procrastination made you pay the most.
As a child what did you think would be awesome about being an adult, but it’s not as awesome as you thought it’d be?
If you had to write 5 rules that the world had to follow, what would they be?
What about the opposite sex confuses you the most?
What is the worst thing you’ve eaten out of politeness?
When was the last time you acted like you didn’t care but were going crazy inside?
If you built a themed hotel, what would the theme be and what would the rooms look like?
Which brand are you most loyal to?
What did you Google last?
What qualities do all your friends have in common?
If you had a HUD that showed three stats about any person you looked at, what would you want it to show?
Which company in the world do you despise the most?
Who was your first fictional character crush?
What small change greatly improves a person’s appearance?
What is something you were completely certain of until you found out you were wrong?
What is difficult for you now, but was easy as a child?
When was the last time you lied? Why did you do it?
What piece of art would you create if you had to pretend to be an artist and submit something to a gallery?
What title would you name this chapter in your life?
Which one of your personality traits do you want to keep / let go of?
How would you change the way you lived if you were immune to other people’s opinions?
What is a dream that you can never forget?
If you could know the answer to one question, what would you ask?
What are some qualities or features you get from your mom or dad?
What has been your favorite age so far and why?
Do you have a secret hunch of how you will die?
Has there ever been a time where you’ve experienced deja vu?
Fill in the blank: I wish I had someone to share my love for ___________
What’s your life story?
If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know?
Is there something you’ve dreamed of doing for a long time?  Why haven’t you done it?
How do you feel about your relationship with your mother?
What is something that is really important for people to know about you?
Share a personal problem, and ask your match advice on how he or she would handle it?
What is something about your hometown that helped shape you today?
What is the most romantic thing you’ve done or experienced?
What is something you think a couple can’t live without?
What are three things you hope to share in common with your partner?
What’s something you’ve taken interest in to impress a partner?